PROCUREMENT  

Procurement Function has always been part of Twinkle and Blink core objective from inception because it started operations as a trading outfit. This has imbued the company with a lot of experience in procurement activities.


Our procurement activities cover both local and global sourcing. Our understanding of peculiar terrain of Nigerian Business ensures your delivery is never delayed. We are sole Agent / Distributor to major equipment manufacturers in the world. 

These services are delivered through world-class procurement professionals who work in focused knowledge communities, with advanced systems and work processes, and provide unmatched value in the global building and services marketplace.


Our professional integrity, our “best-of-class” systems, our cost and schedule focus, and our knowledge-based information sharing provide project execution consistency to customers across multiple industries.

We maintain a dedicated staff of experience professionals in various fields, including

    Global sourcing specialists
    Commercial and technical commodity specialists
    Market specialists
    Contract specialists
    Material planning and control specialists
    Buyers
    Expediters
    Logistics specialists
    Supplier quality surveillance specialists
    Project Materials Managers

Our commercial quality in-house developed software Materials Manager integrates our project management systems with our procurement work processes, seeking to reduce our customers’ project schedules and to increase their cost savings. The application is a robust, Web-enabled project management tool that allows us to increase our focus on strategic material management and procurement. The program complements our industry “best practices” in procurement and materials management.

There are few, if any, companies with the experience and technical expertise of Twinkle and Blink Services, who have taken the bold step to apply strategic sourcing principles to capital goods in Nigeria Local Markets. We have built a strategic supplier relationships particularly in the Niger Delta Regios. Lagos and Abuja.


MARKETING


Twinkle and Blink Marketing and Sale-Support works with companies who are interested in non-advertising strategies using events, Public relations, electronic media and direct selling. 
Our people genuinely care for business owners because we know that sales are the actual backbone of any striving business. Our desire to delight customers comes from having marketing experts who have managed businesses and worked as in-house marketing specialists in several industries. We know running a business can be hard, it is our marketing agency’s vision to make business growth easy to scale.

Offline marketing services we offer include:
1. billboard Advertising
2. Brochure Design and Printing
3. Newspaper Advertising and Interviews
4. Trade Show Displays
5. Outdoor Advertising
6. Bus and Radio Advertising.
7. Search Engine Optimization (SEO) and Digital Marketing 
8. Outsouricng of sales Merchandizers

Digital marketing has become very popular in Nigeria and most parts of the world mainly because it is more effective and affordable. However the place of traditional marketing still stands when you are trying to reach orgaic audience and grow your reputation. Depending on your budget, we often advise on working with multiple channels from both offline and online marketing. 



